Overhaul of dpctl documentation (#1619)
IntelPython/dpctl: docs/doc_sources/beginners_guides/tensor_intro.rst

compare equal to one another.

A created instance of :class:`usm_ndarray` has an associated :class:`dpctl.SyclQueue` instance that can be retrieved
using :attr:`dpctl.tensor.usm_ndarray.sycl_queue` property. The underlying USM allocation
is allocated on :class:`dpctl.SyclDevice` and is bound to :class:`dpctl.SyclContext` targeted by this queue.

.. _dpctl_tensor_compute_follows_data:

Execution model
---------------

When one of more instances of ``usm_ndarray`` objects are passed to a function in :py:mod:`dpctl.tensor` other than creation function,
a "compute follows data" execution model is followed.

The model requires that :class:`dpctl.SyclQueue` instances associated with each array compared equal to one another, signifying that
each one corresponds to the same underlying ``sycl::queue`` object. In such a case, the output array is associated with the same
``sycl::queue`` and computations are scheduled for execution using this ``sycl::queue``.

.. note::
    Two instances :class:`dpctl.SyclQueue` may target the same ``sycl::device`` and be using the same ``sycl::context``, but correspond

>     to different scheduling enties, and hence be in violation of the compute-follows-data requirement. One common example of this are

Reviewer: Nit, but was this meant to say "entries"?

    # Zero-dimensional array allocated on CPU device
    pi_on_device = tensor.asarray(tensor.pi, dtype=tensor.float32, device="cpu")

    # x will also be allocated on CPU device
    x = tensor.full(shape=(100, 100), fill_value=pi_on_device)

    # Create array on GPU. Migration of `pi_on_device` to GPU via host
    # takes place under the hood
    y_gpu = tensor.full(shape=(100, 100), fill_value=pi_on_device, device="gpu")

Combining arrays with different USM types
-----------------------------------------

For functions with single argument the returned array has the same ``usm_type`` as the input array.

Functions that combine several ``usm_ndarray`` instances the ``usm_type`` of the output array is determined
using the following coercion rule:

+------------+----------+----------+----------+
|            | "device" | "shared" | "host"   |
+------------+----------+----------+----------+
| "device"   | "device" | "device" | "device" |
+------------+----------+----------+----------+
| "shared"   | "device" | "shared" | "shared" |
+------------+----------+----------+----------+
| "host"     | "device" | "shared" | "host"   |
+------------+----------+----------+----------+

> If assignign USM-type "device" a score of 0, USM-type "shared" a score of 1, and USM-type "host" a score of 2,
> the USM-type of the output array has the smallest score of all its inputs.
> 
> .. currentmodule:: dpctl.utils
> 
> The convenience function :py:func:`get_coerced_usm_type` is a convenience function to determine the USM-type
> following this convention:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If assigning USM-type "device" a score of 0, USM-type "shared" a score of 1, and USM-type "host" a score of 2,
the USM-type of the output array has the smallest score of all its inputs.

.. currentmodule:: dpctl.utils

The convenience function :py:func:`get_coerced_usm_type` determines the USM-type following this convention:
```

.. code-block:: python

    from dpctl.utils import get_coerced_usm_type

    # r1 has value "device"
    r1 = get_coerced_usm_type(["device", "shared", "host"])

    # r2 has value "shared"
    r2 = get_coerced_usm_type(["shared", "shared", "host"])

    # r3 has value "host"
    r3 = get_coerced_usm_type(["host", "host", "host"])

> Sharing data between devices and Python

Reviewer: It may be worthwhile to add an example demonstrating what happens when migrating a Numpy array of a data type not supported by the destination device.

Can be done later though.
